Good evening, everybody. Good morning,
family from around the world, wherever
you are. Thank you for joining us again
tonight. There
is
a lot going on, isn't there?
Isn't it amazing, all the things that are
happening in the news and how
quickly they
are happening? The
acceleration of things is
mind-blowing, isn't it? It's pretty
amazing. We'll go over some of the
things we saw last night. I
don't feel a real peace about talking
about that. If you were on that live
stream last night—how many of you
were on that live stream last
night?—you
can put it in the comment section
below in the chat and tell
us. It's pretty
self-explanatory.
After it was over,
and through the things that I prayed over all
day long today, interceding for
the things that the Lord showed me, it
was very troubling. It was dark, and
you don't really know where to
go with that or what to say. I'll go
over some of the things that we saw in
the news today. Braden and I made a
short, and I was really proud of that
short, about what we saw on the
11th
of December
regarding
all the corruption in
Minnesota and the uncovering of all that
darkness, the mismanagement of
money, the money laundering, and all
this darkness in Minnesota. The Lord
showed us bees coming up out of the
ground, and I saw them coming around
Ilhan
Omar.
They were flying around her
head and chasing her. But
these were not just little bees; they
were great big bees. These bees
started coming up out of the earth and
swarming her. I thought
that was interesting in the vision altogether.
I wondered
what
the Lord was trying to say about that. You
know, these great big queen bees. They
were not little bitty bumblebees; these
were great big bees.
I saw a lot of mismanagement with money
and
a lot of corruption. Listen
to what the Lord said to me
during that:
'I see a major window for a great
victory concerning Minnesota for it
to flip red.
The people are tired of the
corruption. There's great corruption in
Minnesota. I see the
African-American woman from the Squad with that
thing on her head.
I'm seeing the Squad.
I
see her face before me. It's concerning
corruption, and I see people
are fed up with this and wanting to replace
her. It's time for her to go. I see
corruption, but out
of the corruption springs forth a hive
of bumblebees.
Big black and yellow bumblebees are
coming up around her concerning
Minnesota. Is she even in Minnesota?
I don't know why I'm seeing this;
she may not even be in
Minnesota.'I'm
telling you, I see it. You know
how when you disturb a hive and the bees
start circling you, trying to sting you,
and you start running? These bees are
coming up out of the
land—beautiful
flowers and greenery—and the
bees are coming up out of the land and
circling this woman's head. The
Walz
administration is responding
today to speculation from federal
authorities that fraud in Minnesota
could total $9 billion or more. I see
a
great breakthrough
concerning this. We need to
stand on this regarding the politics in
Minnesota. I stand with Living
Word—we
stand with the Church of Living
Word—and
we will continue to pray over this.
This is a major crack in the foundation,
and this is because of much prayer from
Minnesota.
I'm hearing it, and I'm telling you
it's a good thing; it's a breakthrough. In Jesus'name, I
see a major
breakthrough.
I thought that was
amazing to see all this coming in the
news concerning the corruption
in Minnesota. Now, what did we find out
today, Braden, from this video
right here?
Benny Johnson made the
original
video, but we're going to play
some of the clips he had of these
individuals going into Minnesota and
questioning where the money went. I
want you to watch this because this goes
with what the Lord said on December
11th.
This
is
what the Lord showed us is
coming to pass.
Prophetic accuracy is
important, and we're not trying to be
flaky. We see the news
before it happens.
Before we get started, I want to
say that for
everything we see, we give all the
glory to God. I cannot do anything in
this ministry without Him. We have this
treasure in earthen vessels, so that the
excellency of the power is of Him
and not of us. Brandon Biggs cannot have
visions without Jesus. Brandon is not a
psychic and doesn't have any
special abilities. Everything I do,
in word and deed, I
give all the glory to God.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you
to say that every single time you do a
video. Everything we do, in word and
deed,
we give all the glory to
God.'Brandon
cannot do anything outside of
Him. We are so thankful that He
turns the gift on and makes it
accurate. So, here it is. We want to
show you this
reaction from Nick Shirley.
This guy’s
name
is Nick,
and
he went and did investigative
reporting about all the corruption in
Minnesota, just like the Lord said on
the 11th.
Go ahead.
'Minnesota child care right here. It's
from the state of Minnesota's website.
We're just wondering where the children
are.''Where
the children
are?''Yeah,
where are the children? It
says you have 102 children here,
and you got $2.66 million this year in
funding
and $2.5 million last year. We're just
wondering where the kids
are.''And
who are
you?''My
name is Nick Shirley.''Nick Shirley,
and where are you
from?''We
are from ourselves.
Hello, we'd like to ask where the
money's
going.'Look
at that—shut us down. Where are
the children? There are no children inside of
this daycare center. Look at this
daycare center right here; no children
inside. But
between those buildings, over $2.6
million was spent. So now they all get mad. 'What
was this money spent on?
$1.26 million. What was that money spent
on?
Where are the 74 kids? Did you lose
them? Do I need
to call someone? Do I need to issue an
Amber Alert for missing
children?''5
Million
Quality Learning Center'is a daycare, yet
they spelled learning wrong and
said learning. This daycare alone in 2025
has received $1.9 million from the
government. The strange thing about
these childcare centers is that there's no
one here right now. It's midday on a
weekday, and if you try to go
inside,
it's completely closed and the windows
are all blacked out. No one's working;
children should be in here.
This place is licensed for 99 children.
This is the outside—a list of all
the healthcare companies, loads of
them right here. 'We want
healthcare.''No,
it's
okay.''Yes,
we'd like to speak about getting
healthcare
here.''No.
No.
No.''Why
can't I get healthcare
here?''No.
No.
Wait.''Warning:
You are under video
surveillance. No trespassing. Security
armed.'This
is the strangest
place I've ever been to get healthcare.
All right, we're getting escorted out
right now; the police have arrived.
We
were here checking out the rates
and
seeing what was happening inside this
building. No one would really speak with
us. We did go inside the one daycare
center, and she actually gave us
rates for childcare.
Good
evening,
everybody.
Good
morning,
family
from
around
the
world,
wherever
you
are.
Thank
you
for
joining
us
again
tonight.
There
is
a
lot
going on, isn't there? Isn't it amazing, all the things that are happening in the news and how quickly they are happening? The acceleration of things is mind-blowing, isn't
it? It's pretty amazing. We'll go over some of the things we saw last night. I don't feel a real peace about talking about that. If you were
on that live stream last night—how many of you were on that live stream last night?—you can put it in the comment section below in the chat and tell us. It's pretty self-explanatory. After it was over, and through the things that I prayed over all day long today, interceding for the things that the Lord showed me, it was very troubling. It was dark, and you don't really know where to go with that
or
what
to
say.
I'll
go
over
some
of
the things that
we
saw
in
the
news
today.
Braden
and
I
made
a
short,
and
I
was
really
proud
of
that
short,
about what we saw
on the
11th of
December regarding
all the corruption in Minnesota and the uncovering of all
that
darkness,
the
mismanagement
of
money,
the
money
laundering,
and
all this
darkness
in
Minnesota.
The Lord
showed us bees coming up out of the ground, and I saw them coming around Ilhan Omar. They were flying around her head and chasing her. But these were not just little bees; they were great big bees. These bees started coming up out of the earth and swarming her. I thought that was interesting in the vision altogether. I wondered what the Lord was trying to say about that. You know, these great big queen bees. They were not little bitty bumblebees; these were great big bees. I saw a lot of mismanagement with money and a lot of corruption. Listen to what the Lord said to me during that: 'I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota for it to flip red. The people are tired of the corruption. There's great corruption in Minnesota. I see the African-American woman from the Squad with that thing on her head. I'm seeing the Squad. I see her face before me. It's concerning corruption, and I see people are fed up with this and wanting to replace her. It's time for her to go. I see corruption, but out of the corruption springs forth a hive of bumblebees. Big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her concerning Minnesota. Is she even in Minnesota? I don't know why I'm seeing this; she may not even be in Minnesota.'I'm telling you, I see it. You know how when you disturb a hive and the bees start circling you, trying to sting you, and you start running? These bees are coming up out of the land—beautiful flowers and greenery—and the bees are coming up out of the land and circling this woman's head. The Walz administration is responding today to speculation from federal authorities that fraud in Minnesota could total $9 billion or more. I see a great breakthrough concerning this. We need to stand on this regarding the politics in Minnesota. I stand with Living Word—we stand with the Church of Living Word—and we will continue to pray over this. This is a major crack in the foundation, and this is because of much prayer from Minnesota. I'm hearing it, and I'm telling you it's a good thing; it's a breakthrough. In Jesus'name, I see a major breakthrough. I thought that was amazing to see all this coming in the news concerning the corruption in Minnesota. Now, what did we find out today, Braden, from this video right here? Benny Johnson made the original video, but we're going to play some of the clips he had of these individuals going into Minnesota and questioning where the money went. I want you to watch this because this goes with what the Lord said on December 11th. This is what the Lord showed us is coming to pass. Prophetic accuracy is important, and we're not trying to be flaky. We see the news before it happens. Before we get started, I want to say that for everything we see, we give all the glory to God. I cannot do anything in this ministry without Him. We have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the excellency of the power is of Him and not of us. Brandon Biggs cannot have visions without Jesus. Brandon is not a psychic and doesn't have any special abilities. Everything I do, in word and deed, I give all the glory to God. The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to say that every single time you do a video. Everything we do, in word and deed, we give all the glory to God.'Brandon cannot do anything outside of Him. We are so thankful that He turns the gift on and makes it accurate. So, here it is. We want to show you this reaction from Nick Shirley. This guy’s name is Nick, and he went and did investigative reporting about all the corruption in
Minnesota, just like the Lord said on the 11th. Go ahead. 'Minnesota child care right here. It's from the state of Minnesota's website. We're just wondering where the children are.''Where the children are?''Yeah, where are the children? It says you have 102 children here, and you got $2.66 million this year in funding and $2.5 million last year. We're just wondering where the kids are.''And who are you?''My name is Nick Shirley.''Nick Shirley, and where are you from?''We are from ourselves. Hello, we'd like to ask where the money's going.'Look at that—shut us down. Where are the children? There are no children inside of this daycare center. Look at this daycare center right here; no children inside. But between those buildings, over $2.6 million was spent. So now
they all
get mad.
'What was this money spent on? $1.26 million. What was that money spent on? Where are the 74 kids? Did you lose them? Do I need to call someone? Do I need to issue an Amber Alert for missing children?''5 Million Quality Learning Center'is a daycare, yet they spelled learning wrong and said learning. This daycare alone in 2025 has received $1.9 million from the government. The strange thing about these childcare centers is that there's no one here right now. It's midday on a weekday, and if you try to go inside, it's completely closed and the windows are all blacked out. No one's working; children should be in here. This place is licensed for 99 children. This is the outside—a list of all the healthcare companies, loads of them right here. 'We want healthcare.''No, it's okay.''Yes, we'd like to speak about getting healthcare here.''No. No. No.''Why can't I get healthcare here?''No. No. Wait.''Warning: You are under video surveillance. No trespassing. Security armed.'This is the strangest place I've ever been to get healthcare. All right, we're getting escorted out right now; the police have arrived. We were here checking out the rates and seeing what was happening inside this building. No one would really
speak
with
us.
We
did
go
inside
the
one
daycare
center,
and
she
actually
gave
us
rates
for
childcare.
It
is
not even the
problem. We do not want to
waste our resources. It is just jet
fuel. It
is
a flex. I just think he is a funny man.
It made me laugh. I know it is probably
not funny to you all. It is my sense of
humor. I just go, "Well, we
do not
want to waste the gas to get over
there
or the manpower."It is just a
lot of work, but we will take it out if we
need to. Let us go over a
little bit of what we saw last night.
I did not know what I was saying in the spirit. I did not know what I was seeing
or saying. I did not know the
significance and the seriousness of what
I was saying until my son and my wife brought it
to my attention after taking
notes and looking up what I was looking
into. I did not know about five families.
I am telling you, I am a
backwoods guy. In Oklahoma, we do
not
know about the five families. We do
know about all the stuff in the
mafia and what the
Lord was showing me about territorial
wars. I was just saying what I was
underneath the anointing. I could feel
the cloak on me. The visions that I was seeing were so clear.
As I was saying it, I know
that God's hand of protection is on me,
but they pulled my feed three times last
night, and I did not understand why. I
do not
want them to keep doing that; it
disrupts the prayer and the flow of the
prayer. I know I am on their
platform, so I honor YouTube and I
am
thankful that they have given me the
opportunity to talk to you all through
their stream. So, I
am
very careful of what I say tonight.
Like I said, Braden said, "Dad, they
pulled it three times and
we saved it."It was by the grace of God
it did not cut off all three times. It
went stale, and that was a
warning. I did not know
there were five families. I did not know
that there is stuff like this.
I hear things like Scarface and
movies
like the Godfather,
but it is just movies.
The names the Lord
was giving me were actual families.
Some of them were brought together in
that prayer time, and the
Lord said territorial wars. The Lord
showed me the Mexican cartel
and the mafia from Mexico and Venezuela
would clash, and they were
smuggling in white powder. I
am
talking about pallets of money that
you would not believe in these houses
that the Lord showed me last night,
stucco
homes with guards with
AK-47s. I am talking
about
organized crime,
but this was against them. I kept hearing
them say behind tables, "This is just
business."It
was wild,
the stuff I was hearing that I was
allowed to see, and the Lord said, "I
am
warning you of what
is coming."They
kept saying, "This is business."They
do not
like the way America is going.
They did not want to see this guy in
Minnesota and in New York.
Mandani,
thank you.
Mandani.
The guy, they do not like him.
The Lord said there is a union; it is dark. There
are
things there that are very dark,
and they do not like this guy
and they do not want the Islamic stuff
coming in like they are wanting
to push. So, I saw territorial wars. I
saw them being the resistance, and in the
days ahead, I saw them being made out to
be heroes, kind of like
MAGA.
It would be like the
resistance.
I do not know how else to say it other
than bad guys that would become
heroes because of being resistance toward
the Islamic push and
the
Muslim Brotherhood.
Sharia law, thank you,
baby.
Sharia law, and coming against that.
So, I saw this in Chicago,
Boston, New Orleans,
and
New York heavily. I kept
hearing Sicily, Little Italy. I
kept hearing this. I saw men with
slicked-back
hair,
people with aviator glasses on,
and white suits
with flowery shirts in these visions.
I saw Miami. I saw stuff
that was very dark. We prayed for a
girl, and I am not going to bring her up
again. We prayed for this girl, and the
Lord said, "Pray for her."I
do not
want to expose any more
about this young woman. So we pray for
her safety and her protection,
to have boldness, and that she will be
okay. I saw that there
was a cartel out of Venezuela that was
different than the cartel
coming out of Mexico. Two different drug
pushers, two different kinds
of things.
The man that was over
Venezuela was a worm
wrapped around a finger of the head
of the cartel of Venezuela.
He was
looking out over them, but they had control
over him.
Then I saw the woman that was over
Mexico, Claudia, and she was a worm
wrapped around the Mexican cartel.
Two different
things, both drugs. One was pills and
other things; this was more coke.
It was very interesting, some of
the things that I saw last night.
As I was praying into it, the Lord kept
showing me darkness like you could not
believe over America. I heard again
in the spirit, "Help me,
Holy Spirit. I do not want to misquote
it. You have been found in the
balance, New York, and you have been found
lacking.
You have
been weighed in the balance and found lacking. You have
been weighed in the balance and you have been found lacking
concerning
this man on the 1st
of January."It
was about all of America, a
shaking coming to America, a humbling,
and many people are not ready.
The Lord said, "Get your house in
order."That
sends shock
waves through our email. What are you
talking about? Get your house in order.
Sell out to Jesus. Have your house
ready. People say, "What should I do?"I
cannot
answer that
for you. I know what it means for me.
You get your wheat and
your berries. You can make your
stuff and have extra
water and
be ready for power
outages, a storm.
The Lord said
the
president of Iran called for
war and he said, "I
am
summoning war for America, for the
West, for Europe."All this stuff. The
Lord said he was activating
the Red Dawn experience, D-Day. He was
activating his hidden cells, his cells of
people that are already infiltrated
because the Biden
administration let all the people cross
over illegally. And he said, "Braden,
that is
him activating the
cells."They
have their commands and he did it
globally, on a global scale.
You think it is talking about sending
rockets, but it is not about that.
It is
activating the people that he
has
infiltrated into the country through our
southern border. It
is
the same for England. I saw
Big Ben again. I saw to pray
for England.
These things are real.
The Lord told me we must pray for our
safety. You must pray every day
where you are supposed to be at all
times. Should I be here? Should I be
there? Where do you want me to live?
Where do you want me to have my
family? I saw mass migration coming
because men's hearts will fail them for
fear looking after those things that are
coming on the earth.
People are going to be freaked out in
the days ahead. The Lord said a great
acceleration of things like you
have
never seen before is going to start to
take place.
We are in those days of Noah, folks. We
are
in that time of the end.
I believe with all my heart that
Jesus Christ is coming and he is coming
soon. You say, "Well, Brandon,
why do you say about Prince
George, the little boy, and he is going
to be a part of the
Antichrist?"The
Antichrist reigns for seven years:
three and a half years of not so bad,
three and a half years of hell on earth.
But either way, it's seven years. He's
12.
I didn't say he would be
king;
I didn't say I saw him being king. I
said he would have more influence than
his father would have.
I saw the king now—not there, gone.
Whether he passes away or not, I don't
know. I can't add to or take away from
anything, but I saw he was no longer
there. I saw William doing it, and I saw
his son had more influence than he does.
His voice was louder as he gets older
than his father's will have.
His father was more passive than
him. And I saw in this vision
in this time of prayer yesterday or
the
day before that he would rise
up and take rule, but he would be
not as bold as what his son
would be and more of somebody
that was dark like Harry Potter
in the days ahead. There was a black
cloak around him.
And I said, 'That's interesting.'And I saw
the number seven beside him. And then I
saw 2026 and it was set in stone
with fruit hanging from it. And I said,
'What does that mean?'The Lord said,
'It's set in stone.'Great change is
coming to the royal family concerning
the signs of the times and the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ. In the days
ahead, you're going to see great change
in that family
in 2026, 2027. You're going to see
it
morphing, a changing.
And I saw that young man rising up
and I thought, 'What is that
about?'But
we hear in part, see in part.
All I know is I saw change coming
and it was interesting. So I've been
just praying over things and
piecing things together.
And the only thing I can tell you, the
most important thing I can say tonight
is you need to be sold out to
Jesus.
You need to be having your lamps full of
oil. You need to be seeking him daily,
not just on Sundays.
You need to be intimate with the Father
and the Father intimate with you. It's
time to get serious about the
Father's business and the coming of our
Lord
like never before. We must wake up.
Churches must preach repentance and
holiness and coming to the Father and
not being lukewarm. We
must
be hot.
We must not be cold or lukewarm;
he'll spew you out of his mouth. We
need to be hot for Jesus is what I'm
trying to tell y'all.
It's not time to be church as usual; it's
time to be church unusual. Being the
salt
because we've lost our saltiness,
we must be the mouthpiece in this earth
telling and being that one watching on
the wall crying out and telling people
with all that we have, like John the Baptist
did, that Jesus is here. He's
coming.
It's time to repent.
It's time to get your heart right.
And I say that over and over and over
again, but I feel like
after a while you feel like you're a
broken record. But it's like being
serious about this year in 2026.
Wake up. You've got three days left to
get what you wanted to do
in 2025 done. Now it's two.
Today's over. You got two days left.
What will you do with these last two
days, this last 48 hours? What will we see? Will we see anything in New Orleans? Will we see anything? I pray we don't. Like I told you, I believe our job is to stop things. We're
the salt. Even with the prayer groups we have at church, the people we talk to, you know, there's people that take prayer real serious and there's people that just kind of go,
'I'm here for entertainment.'I was told, 'You need to say this is for entertainment purposes only.'You know what, folks? I don't look at this as entertainment. I look at this as a job. This is a calling that we are called for such a time as this to bring forth prayer for the nations. I'm not here to entertain you. You can watch this and you think, 'I have nothing to do with my time; I want to go see what the bald-headed guy is saying is coming.'I'm here to call you to an arms of prayer.
And if you want to take it seriously and
pray with me, I would greatly appreciate
it. If not, I would advise you probably to click off and go watch somebody else that's going to entertain you. I'm here to tell you
what I believe the Holy Spirit has told
me is coming.
Am I human? I can miss it. Yes, we all
can. People say, 'Well, no prophets in
the Bible missed it.'I'm not a prophet
in the Bible. I
read it through and I
see what they said, and
my whole job and my whole heart is
to line up with Jesus.
I don't want to compare myself to
somebody else. I say, 'Hey, I want to be
more like him.'And does Brandon have
issues? Yes. Does Brandon have faults?
Yes. Can Brandon miss it? Yes.
All I know is I'm doing the best I
can with what I have.
And I appreciate every one of you, all
5,500 of you right now watching saying,
'Hey, we take you serious and we
want to pray with you as you see what we
saw in the
news.'Fruit
is important.
So, we're going to pray again tonight
and we're going to seek him and we're
going to find him. I believe that the
Bible says that those that seek me will
find me. Those that knock, I'll open the
door for them.
And so, I'm thankful for every single
one of you. We take communion, we pray,
we worship. And I try to make Jesus as
real to you as what he is to me,
showing you the way that you have the
ability to find him and touch the
hem
of his garment just like anybody else
does. He is no respecter of
persons, but he is a respecter of faith.
Do you believe? Are you a believing
believer? Are you a doubter?
And I just want to be that person that
when I get up on the other side, he
says, 'Brandon, you did good. Enter into
my rest. Well done. Thank you
for trying so hard.'It's like
Kuhlman
always said, 'Lord Jesus, I really
tried.'I
left it all on the court. I may not
have been the best basketball player. I
may have not have been the best football
player, but I left everything I could on
the field.
I didn't hold nothing back. I gave it
all I had.
I've been obedient and doing
everything he's asked. Don't ask my
people for nothing. Go on
YouTube and tell them I'm coming and
pray and tell them that they need
to repent and get right with me
because they're going to hell if they
don't. And I've done exactly that.
I told Diana as we close out this
year, 'Do you want to keep going, baby?
Do you want to keep doing this? This
is
a lot of
pressure.'And
as I sat there
and we prayed about it, she goes,
'Hun, I'm in it with whatever you want
to do.
I'll back you. We'll be a family and
we'll keep going down this road if this
is what God's called us to
do.'And
as I sat there, the Lord
said, 'Do you want to keep doing
it?'I
said, 'Yeah, I'll help you. I'm sold
out, but I don't want it to affect my
relationship with you.'And not only
that, I don't want to let any of
these people down if I have anything
inside of me that needs to be
cleaned up. There's so
many people watching.
I see
people all the time now.
I can't go in public without being
noticed,
especially in our area. It's
absolutely incredible.
And I'm so grateful for every single one
of you. There's so many of you that
are so nice and you're so inquisitive.
Some of you are rude, but I'm
thankful for the nice ones. I met a nice
man today. People
just want to know. But I have a
treasure in an earthen vessel
that the excellence of the power is
known of him and not of me. You can do
it, too. You just got to seek him and
you find him.
So, I say all that just to love on y'all
today.
You know, there's a lot of things I want
to change in 2026 and being
more for y'all to pray
and do things. People are inviting me
to come to their churches and preach and
do things. I probably will take a lot
of those engagements this year. I feel
in my heart to go and teach
prayer at your churches. I don't
really know what that looks like for
Brandon. I've never seen myself as a
public speaker; I just talk behind a
lens. And it's easy to look at a camera
now because I've gotten used to it. But
when I get in front of a crowd, it makes
you real nervous, and so I'm not used to
that. So I'm thankful that
Jesus would give me the strength to do
that just like I talked to this camera
before. This was really awkward. I
practiced and practiced and practiced,
and so now it's not too bad. I
feel like it's getting easier,
and it's weird because, you know,
there's 5,000 some odd people here and
that's a lot looking
at behind a camera. But
isn't Jesus wonderful that he would take
somebody like me and do what he's done?
I'm so grateful for everyone and all
the Christmas people coming out and
Christmas cards—all the
kindness.
You know, there's so many good people
that have tried to reach out and just
love on us this Christmas season, and I
just want to say thank you. Thank
you from the bottom of my heart from
Canada to Japan to South Korea, to so
many people that have written letters
just saying that you support us and
pray for us. It means so much.
Australia—I
mean the
islands—it's
incredible. It truly is to see so many
people reach out whose lives we've touched,
and you tell us your stories of how
you say we've brought you
back to Jesus
from France to Germany.
It's absolutely incredible.
And I just go,
'Wow.'I
truly don't know what to say
about some of the kindness where people
say, 'You brought me back to the
Lord.'I
was backslidden. I was on
my way to hell, and now you've taught me
how to pray and be intimate and be real
with God. And I don't think there's any
other way other than just to be real.
I don't like all the charismatic
flakiness on TV and YouTube and
Prophet so-and-so and this and that.
There's only certain people that I'll
listen to or ever talk to on the phone
because the Lord says, 'Hey, they're
authentic. You can talk to
them.'And
you ask me, 'Brandon, who would you give
your money to? Who would you do this?
Who would you that?'That's not for me to
tell you. You have to follow the voice
of God for yourself.
That's very dangerous, people. The
same way I learned is the same way you
learn,
one day at a time. I have my people, my
select people that I will allow into my
inner circle. Billy Burke is one of them.
I love Billy Burke. Some
people don't like Billy Burke, but
I love Billy Burke, and I would
fight for him on the field.
I mean, he's a good man. And
I can't say that about very many people
in ministry anymore. God's about to
clean house. There's a lot of corruption
in ministry. I love our pastor, Candace.
She's our friend and she prays for us.
You know, there's not a lot, like I
said, other than that select few. I say Billie
Brim—my
BBs. But I'm going to
tell you all there's a cleaning of the
house coming to big ministries, a lot of
them.
And I'm so thankful that when you
follow the voice of God,
he'll lead you to purity.
If you're following the voice of God,
he'll lead you into purity in ministry.
Not saying any of these people don't
have issues. We all do; we all have stuff
we're working through. We all are a work
in progress. I'm not trying to find
perfection. The only one that was
perfection was the Lord Jesus Christ.
But when you have people that are of
like
faith, who are seeking Jesus
just like you are, and you feel iron
sharpens iron—you're looking for iron
sharpens iron in this world. And
there are not very many real true
authentic people nowadays.
And so I appreciate the people that
compliment me and say, 'Hey Brandon, we
think you're authentic.'I pray I never
let you down, but I am human.
So God is so good and he's been gracious
to Braden Biggs.
So that's what we have to say tonight as
it's been 40 minutes again.
So we'll pray. Let me
get my notetaker.
She's doing so much,
y'all.
My little sweetheart is
working her tail end off. My
wife is an awesome person and I'm so
thankful for all her hard work, even
with the rejections and
the things that she goes through, y'all.
She is a trooper. It's
amazing.
I'll be right back. All right,
you can work while you're doing that. If
we hear anything, I say write it
down. Just write it down.
He has the book. Okay, that
book is gold.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
Thank you, Diana.
Father, we just take the body right now
in the name of Jesus. We lift it up
before you, Father, and we thank you,
Lord, that you took care of all of it
for us.
Oh, what a plan. Oh, what a planner.
You've made us whole. You've made us
well by your stripes. Thank you, Lord,
for the blood that washes us of all our
sins and cleanses us from all
unrighteousness. Thank you, Lord, for
the atonement. Thank you, Lord, for what
you did for us on that cross. That the
moment we became born again, we're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. You dwell on the
inside of us. And I'm so thankful,
Father, for the body that was broken for
us. And Father, you took it all on
the cross.
You were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we are healed.
That's scripture.
And I'm so thankful, Father, that by
your stripes, we're healed from
sinus infections to throat
infections to stomach bugs to
whatever it is. Father, Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law:
cancers, diabetes, heart disease. Jesus
paid the price for you to walk in
victory over heart disease. Jesus paid
the price for you to walk in victory
over diabetes and high blood pressure
and over Alzheimer's and
dementia and over PTSD and all the
things that deal with the
mind.
I believe I'm a believing believer that
walks in victory in the name of Jesus.
And we call ourselves healed. We call
ourselves
well. We call ourselves delivered
according to your word in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much
of the blood and the blood makes much of
us. And I plead the blood over my
eyes tonight.
Over my spiritual eyes, my physical
eyes—my
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
the blood. When we make much of the
blood, the blood makes much of us.
Father, we enter in boldly
and
we thank you, Father, for the blood. And
we take and apply this blood right now
in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Father.
We're so grateful for the blood
of Jesus. Father, we may have messed up
in so many ways today and we thank
you, Lord, that it's under the blood. We
run to God when we sin. We don't run
from him. When we mess up, have a bad
day, we run to God, but we say, 'Father,
here we are. We're broken. We need you.
We thank you Lord that we're joint
heirs
with you and you see us, and you see us
underneath what your Son did.
He's making intercession for me at
your right hand right now and he's
saying, "Hey, forgive them, they don't know
what they did. They messed up today but
my blood is sufficient for what they
did."And
as I come up before you, Father, with
this blood and this covenant, I thank you,
Father, for it
in Jesus'mighty name. Amen. And amen.
You still believe it. I'm a believing
believer.
Thank you, Father.
We're believers and not doubters.
Father, if there's anything you want to
show us tonight,
Father, we come before you boldly.
We come before you, Father, with
our heart so
yielded before you,
and we plead the blood of Jesus over the
atmosphere, Father.
And we thank you, Father, that the
angels of the Lord and that
massive
angel, the warring angel, are watching
over us with their sword and
shields up, protecting us, Father, in
the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, that they bear us up in their
hands, lest we dash our foot against
a
stone, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood.
Thank you, Father.
He's been so personal today with me. You
know, when he said it today, he
says,
'And I'm
here.'Holy
Spirit,
you are welcome in this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome
in this place.
Holy Spirit,
you are welcome
in this place.
Omnipotent
Father
of mercy
and grace,
thou art welcome
in
this
place.
For in your presence
there's healing
divine.
Do you believe that
there's healing divine?
He's not a fog.
He's not a dove.
The Holy Spirit is not
a feeling.
He is a person
and he has form.
I'm telling you,
I've seen it.
The outline: he's massive,
barrel-chested,
a
huge-looking
structure of a man.
Not skinny,
not obese,
strong
stature. The Lord
allows me
to see these things through visions.
And
he has an opinion about everything.
And the closer I get with him, the
tighter the rope I walk.
I'm not allowed to say certain things
anymore even on the telephone.
With many words there is sin,
and you don't even realize the
things that he has an opinion about.
He cares about everything.
And the
more you walk with him, the less of a
wider space
I feel; I walk on a thin line.
The only one I'm able
to ever really be open
with is probably Billy Burke. It's very
interesting because anytime I get on the
phone, I'm thinking I'm fixing to get a
spanking because I say things because
I'm wanting to learn and the Lord always
is right there, but then I get off with
certain other people and it's always
like, 'Uh-oh, I'm in trouble. I shouldn't
have said
that.'I'm
very brassy.
Have you noticed? I don't have much fear
about anything.
I say what I think.
And in doing that,
I get in trouble. I
don't have
much of a filter.
But I'm so thankful that he corrects
those he loves.
But I'm going to tell you this: the more
I grow, the more I realize he's more
real to me than my wife or my children.
And he has an opinion about everything.
You can feel him withdraw,
and then you can feel the flow.
And I want to always stay in that river.
Concerning New York,
when he said, 'You've been weighed in
the balance and you've been found
lacking.
You've been weighed with the balance,
the scales,
and you have been found
lacking,'I
am very concerned about that. He
doesn't talk that way.
I want to say we're in a time like
we've never seen before.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, that
we're on the right side of it.
Who is on the Lord's side?
I want to be on the Lord's side.
Oh, Father.
Only
believe.
All things are possible;
only
believe. Lord, I
believe. All
things are possible.
Lord, I
believe.
Only
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Lord, I
receive.
All things are possible.
Lord, I receive.
I receive all that you have for us. I
receive all that you have for me.
I receive and we take it by force.
Father, we take the land by force for
the Lord Jesus Christ in these last
days, being the brightest light we can
be in the darkness.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're
leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one right
now.
You're leaving the ninety-nine to go after the
one
for
me.
I see the tent revivals are coming back
again. I see the well of revival is
stirring up within.
I see the tent revivals. I see Jack
Coe.
I see all the tent revivals. He said,
'I'm gonna do it again.
Warn him. I'm gonna do it again.
One last push. One last major move. And
I'm coming
again.'Expect
the unexpected.
Expect big.
God is as big as your faith will allow
him to be.
Expect big.
Believe me for big. He says in 2026,
'With the time you have left, occupy until
I come.'Occupy. What does it mean to
occupy? Look up the definition of
occupy, love.
What's it mean to fully occupy?
Go ahead, Diana.
To reside or have one's place of
business in a building, or to fill or
preoccupy the mind or thoughts;
to occupy;
to take control of. Okay, so this would be
occupying the territory, to
occupy until he comes,
to hold a
position.
What are we doing? Well, not only that,
we're taking land and territory.
We're going to occupy the land.
We're going to hold the position. We're
going to hold the territory.
We're not made to retreat. We're not
made to give up. We're made to take
dominion and authority over what he's
given into our hands.
Not to slouch back and be intimidated by
the world or our surroundings,
but to be strong in the Lord and in the
power of his might.
Arise and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord is risen upon
you.
That's what he says.
Why? Because he wants you to take
dominion and authority and occupy the
land.
Occupy until he comes. Don't be in
retreating status.
So many believers right now are ready to
abandon ship.
'Let's get out of here. We need the
rapture.'Occupy
until he comes. Take the
land.
Believe me for bigger;
believe me for more influence.
It's sad when you have been
made in his image—as he is, so are we
in this world—and we're created in his
image. We're created in his likeness and
Jesus is on the inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost to lay
hands on the sick and see them recover.
The Great Commission: how many are truly
walking in the Great Commission to go
into all the world, to lay hands on the
sick, to cast out devils, to heal, to
raise the dead, to do everything the
Lord has told us to do? And yet we're
in retreat mode.
It's time for the body of Christ to be
that saltiness, to be that light in the
darkness, and arise and shine, for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
is risen upon us. We're not
intimidated by how the darkness looks,
but we say, 'Man, all we need is
this.'Even
if you've got 'This little
light of mine, I'm going to let it
shine,'but
I'm not just that little light. But
even that
little light
in the darkest room, the darkness
is destroyed. You just go into
the darkest of a huge
auditorium—it
could be a
ten-thousand-seat
auditorium, massive, with complete
darkness. All the lights are out,
blacked out, and turn on a cigarette
lighter and you start to see the
darkness in that huge room start to
dissipate. You can take it like this and
move it around and all the darkness goes
away.
How much more are you in this dark
world?
You have the King of Kings and the Lord
of Lords on the inside of you.
You were called to the kingdom for such
a time as this. He didn't make
any mistakes. You may have
thought—your
mama might have told you you were
an accident.
You were conceived out of
wedlock.
Mom and dad messed up. You think it just so
happens you're just here. No, God
doesn't make mistakes.
You're not a mistake. You were called to
the kingdom for such a time as this. A
moment of sin brought in something so
special.
God can turn what the devil meant for
bad and turn it around for good.
Remember, God doesn't make mistakes. He
has
called every single one of us and
He has chosen us. We're the closers.
I truly believe that every person who's
watching this video and
this live broadcast right now was made
and called for such a time as this.
We were built for pressure. We're the
closers.
All 6,000 of you that are watching,
you're built for pressure.
That's what
a closer does. A closer pitcher for a
baseball team is built for that; they
are
not rattled
by the pressure of the game.
I believe that it's our time to arise
and shine. And as I saw the old
revivals, the old wells of revivals that
were capped off
during the tent revivals, the Lord said,
"I'm uncapping those wells."And not
only are you going to get a cup
like Brother Hagin and Jack
Coe
and all of them got cups of it—and they
drank it and they saw miracles and signs
and
wonders—but
the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm
going to do it again, but this time it's
going to be greater than anything we've
ever seen
before."All
of the revivals combined in one
from Azusa Street.
We're about to see many
Azusa
streets all over the world,
but Azusa Street will look like a walk
in the park compared to what's about to
happen with the body of Christ.
The Lord
said to me, "Brandon, what you're about
to see, don't become too familiar
with it. Don't take it for granted.
Don't become accustomed to the miracles
you're about to
see."Every
miracle is holy and special to the
Father.
Never become accustomed to it. Never
become familiar with the glory.
It's just the Shekinah cloud. You know,
gold dust came in.
He said, "Brandon,
it's going to be
authentic."I
saw the
glory cloud coming and it
left a residue of gold.
People have tried to mock that and
make glitter or take a vial of gold dust.
They sprinkle
it on their hands and say, "Look, there's
gold dust on
me,"from
some place they bought
off of eBay.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to
do something that's authentic.
You're about to see me show up and show
off in a way that you've never seen
before."But
no man will get the glory for what's
about to take place.
He warns me about this: "I will not share
my glory with anyone."And that's why he
told me even when I start these
broadcasts, "I want you
to tell them that it's not you, that
it's me, it's Christ in
me."All
glory goes to the Father.
He is such a good God and He's worthy of
all our praise.
Thank you, Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I see Brother
Hagin.
They see it. They anticipate it.
They're all watching. Same with
Kathryn.
When I saw her looking
through the portal,
they're all anticipating what's about to
happen. They all wanted to see it on the
earth, but they didn't get to see it.
The Lord said, "Brandon, there's no time
barrier in heaven."They're watching and
they know what's about to happen on the
earth.
And they're watching with this
anticipation for what they longed to see
in their time. "I will allow them to
see through the
portal."That's
what He said to me. He's
allowing Kathryn. He's allowing
Brother Hagin. And they are waiting on
the edge of the portal because
they know the show is about to start.
That's what the Father just said to me.
He knows what's about to happen.
The show's about to
start. Do you understand when you're in
an
auditorium and
the
lights go
down, you
all know that what's
behind the screen is about to start?
That's where they all are. They're
gathering to the portal because they
knew that this was coming and they
didn't get to live it out.
So they're getting
ready for the show.
They're watching and they're looking
over and they're anticipating.
My goodness, I feel
the
Holy Spirit so strong on that.
That's why
I've seen Kim. I've seen
Lucy. I've seen Brother
Hagin.
They're so young and so vibrant.
Brother Halverson.
So many.
The Lord keeps allowing me to see over
and they're all
anticipating the show.
I don't know what else to call it,
but
that He would show Himself strong.
Find
that
scripture,
that He would show Himself strong.
"For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro
throughout the whole earth to show
Himself strong on behalf of those
whose heart is loyal to
him."2
Chronicles 16:9.
They're looking for the show.
He
wants
to
show Himself
strong.
Hallelujah.
Don't allow what you're about to see to
distract you.
Don't allow the things you're about to
see on the earth make you go horizontal.
Stay vertical.
Many distractions are coming. Fearful
sights are coming.
Stay vertical.
Keep your eyes on the Father.
There are great days of darkness coming,
things that will shake you to awaken
most of you. But there's a remnant of
you that's already awakened.
You need to
be prepared for what's coming.
Keep your eyes on Jesus.
Satan knows his days
are short.
Revelation
12:12. "Woe to the
inhabitants of the earth and of the sea,
for the devil has come down to you
having great wrath because he knows that
he has a short
time."He
knows his power and his influence on
the earth is ending
and he's acting in
intense
fury.
It's escalating.
He knows his time is coming short.
That's why the Lord is trying to warn you
tonight
to keep your eyes on Him. No matter how
much he tries to pull you
horizontal
with the news,
keep your eyes on Him, for
he will act in intense fury
because he knows his time is short.
Oh, Father, we pray.
We're in New York. It's the theme of the
night. I want
you to put New York on the background
and pray over New Year's Eve
over every location wherever you are
represented here. What city, town,
or
state? Pray over your area,
and we're going to pray with you. I want us
all to pray over our cities, states,
and
towns.
If you're in Australia or
New
Zealand—wherever
you may be—I want you to pray
over your city right now. You have power
and dominion over your area.
Pray over your town and say, 'We
call a hedge of protection around us,
around Queensland, and
all the major
cities
represented here.'Queensland
was
highlighted to me just then;
I see the Opera House, I see
fireworks, and I'm seeing New Year's Eve.
Pray over this area for your
New
Year's Eve celebrations.
London:
we call forth our law enforcement to
call more reserves up,
Father, that they will have their eyes
open and be ready for every terrorist
attack—over
tennis shoes, water bottles,
children's toys,
any kind of slashers or guns, or any
kind of car plowing. Over Las Vegas,
over every plot, plan,
and
pursuit of the wicked: we call you naught
in Jesus'name.
Over church gatherings,
major church gatherings,
communion services, candlelight
services,
and
prophetic services. No,
that's why I saw it right then. Why
did
they cancel that one? Diana,
they heard the Lord.
We never heard Him say cancel. Why did they
canceled that before? And the Lord said,
'Because they
heard.'You're
not running in fear; you're using
wisdom. You're being targeted. I see the
casing
for the 'Red Dawn'experiences they're
trying to bring forth.
Father, I ask for a weather event to
come in and make it stop.
It's only got three days to flow;
it's less than that now, it's two.
London,
okay, over every major AMC
movie
theater,
over Tinsel Town, over the movie
theaters—it's
highlighted.
Lord, remember the Batman
movie in Colorado.
Today
we pray over every person in a movie
theater during the day. During this time
frame, we pray over the people in the
movie theaters, over gatherings, and over
'Avatar.'That's
the
movie—the
Avatar,
the blue people.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Mel,
we pray over every movie theater
and all of the movie theaters.
Every single movie theater, we cover
them in the blood. We thank You, Lord,
that every plot and every plan
is brought to naught
in Jesus'name.
The hand of the Lord is on
the movie theaters and
the
churches.
Every major gathering of churches, we
cover it in the name of Jesus.
He's talking about the Edward
Snowden
again.
He's calling for that new Edward
Snowden, the one that's
going to expose even more darkness.
There's great darkness that's about to
be exposed upon the land.
Call it forth today: an
exposing of darkness upon your land, for
a new Edward Snowden is coming upon the
land.
It's going to be
an unusual year, y'all.
We call forth the finances today.
I call forth the revaluation of the
dinar,
the reinstatements, and the
removal of
all blockages and hindrances in
the name of Jesus. We pray for a reinstatement
and
for it to come
back.
The blockages are being removed,
and a financial flow
will come. Debt will be removed.
The
lid
is coming off the
envelope.
The land,
gold, and the sea.
They're going to
cut it off.
Supernatural debt
cancellation is going to be cut off.
He's talking about the debt being cut
off.
This is to be just as much a sign and a wonder as
an arm
growing
out
to make a whole
man—spirit,
soul,
and
body.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul
prospers.'Spirit,
soul, and body. In
every area of your life, listen: be
set free and cut the debt off.
You knew this day would come.
You were waiting.
You believed it,
and you're not going to wait any longer.
He said,
'How did you think it was going to come?
It's above all that you dare ask or
think.'It's
time to believe Me for above
all you dare ask or think, for I am the
great God Jehovah.
Don't
deny.
Daily
call
Him.
There's been a
preacher—one
is in New Orleans. He said he was a
forerunner of what I want to do for many
of you.
He said, 'Oh, that's
extravagant.'No,
it's growth.
He
said,
'That's growth. Believe Me
for more.
I'll show up and show off in your life
if you believe Me for
more—above
all that you dare ask or
think.'You
can think big.
Think bigger.
You
think too small.
He said
you've
got to enlarge your
capacity to believe Me for
bigger—a
larger capacity
for I'm a big God.
You're
believing
too small.
Believe Me for bigger.
Where's your threshold? Where's your
chokehold?
Believe Me bigger.
I'm a lavish God. I
paved
My streets with gold.
He's a stagnant God? No, He's a lavish God.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul
prospers.'Exceedingly
abundantly above all that
you dare ask or thank Me for. You
think too small.
You think
trailer. Nothing wrong
with a good trailer, but He said, 'Believe
Me for bigger.
Stretch your
capacity to believe Me for
more.'For
I am standing at
the door,
and I have great things in store.
The sky is not falling. Chicken
Little folly!
He says
the sky is not falling.
It's time for the church to rise up
and
take dominion and authority.
If you can believe it, I'll get it to
you and through you.
A
distribution for
the end-time
harvest.
The people are
coming in by the
field-fulls.
We're
calling them out of hell. All your
unsaved loved ones. It's the goodness of
God
that brings men
to repentance.
We're calling them in right now.
Father, I thank You that in 2020,
we will not lack
any good thing in our marriages,
finances, children,
grandchildren,
aunts, and uncles.
Don't be
mealy-mouthed,
running down your finances
or
your life.
Believe Me for big. Speak
it!
We're about to see
stuff we've only dreamed of as
He
shows
Himself. He wants to show Himself,
for He's getting ready for the show.
He wants to show us who he is.
But at the same time,
he is a rewarder of those that
diligently seek him. He wants
to show himself strong.
Glory to God.
Just stretch your faith.
Stretch and believe him for more.
I hear God takes pleasure in the
prosperity of his people.
God takes pleasure in the
blessing—not
just in finances, but in every area of
life. Prosperity is blessing in your
marriage, blessing in your health.
God takes pleasure in it.
He takes pleasure in his servant's
well-being.
Diana,
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of
his people.
Do you see it?
I want the
New King James.
I think you're talking about
Psalm,
and it says, "Let the Lord be magnified,
which hath pleasure in the prosperity of
his
servant."Psalm.
Let them shout for joy and be
glad who favor my righteous cause. And
let them say continually, "Let the Lord
be magnified who has pleasure in the
prosperity of his
servant."That's
what the Lord is saying. He takes
pleasure in it.
I didn't know. Did I say that right?
It's King James, love. New King James.
It's one I love to read:
Psalm
35:27.
He gets excited about it. In the
prosperity of his servant,
let the Lord be magnified in me. Let
them shout for joy and be glad, and
those
who favor my righteous cause.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that
it's going to be the abundance time.
Psalm
35:27.
Thank you, Lord.
He wants you to believe for big in
2027.
That's the theme tonight. It's not what
I thought. He's stretching. He said to
a
larger capacity. I hear it so
clear, Braden. What I'm hearing is he
wants us to believe him for more. In 2026,
the sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
For the righteous,
for the people that are looking for
Jesus,
he wants to show up, and he
takes pleasure in the prosperity of his
people.
I'm telling you, if you believe
him for 2026 for exceedingly abundantly
above all that you ask,
stretch your capacity
for jobs and better jobs, raises and
bonuses, benefits, sales, and commissions
for your marriage to turn out better. For
children,
it's time to conceive. Ladies, if
you're believing
God for a baby, it's time.
God wants you to have a blessed home
filled with beautiful children, to raise
them
up godly.
Why would you do that right now?
Because we occupy until he
comes.
Believe God. We have so many pictures of
you ladies sending pictures
of your babies that you were believing
God for, and when Diana prayed
for you to receive a baby, you have it.
And you said, "This is the fruit of the
baby right here."And you weren't able
to have one. And we have all the
pictures of the babies coming to us now.
Isn't
that amazing,
Honey?
Yes, it's amazing.
There's a lot of you that were
not able to have a child, and you have had a
baby supernaturally by the hand of the
Lord in 2026. You're giving us the
pictures and saying, "Look
at all these babies."Diana showed me
another one today. She goes, "Look at
this baby, Brandon."I said,
"Oh."She
goes, "That was a result of
prayer."And
even one lady said, "I was
driving on the road and someone
asked,
'Who is this man you're listening to?'"And
she
said, "The man we're
listening to—that child in the
back is a result of praying with
that
man."The
husband didn't even
realize it, I guess. Isn't that amazing?
Supernatural childbirth, supernatural
children in 2025. Now, believe for it in
2026. By the time, was it nine months from
now?
August is nine months.
September is ten months, right? So
it would be August.
Monday, September 29th.
So nine months from now, September 29th,
almost in October.
Wow. Isn't that amazing to think that it
would
be almost fall again? Rosh
Hashanah would
be coming in and all that.
To have another child, that's
amazing.
But why not
you?
Why not you
to believe for a bundle of joy?
Occupy until he comes. Raise up a child
in the way he should go when he gets older
and not depart from it. Why not you? Why
not 2026 for you who have not been able
to have a child?
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of
his people and the abundance of joy.
A child is prosperity.
That's a blessing. Blessed is the
fruit of your womb and the fruit of your
body. That's a blessing. Children are a
blessing. I am so thankful for Braden,
Megan, and Paisley. I'm so thankful for my
kids.
Braden is a hard-working boy; he's a good
boy. He's a man now—I won't call
him a boy, he's a man.
I
won't
make him blush. Glory to God. You
know, that's a very different video
tonight. It wasn't what I expected, but
it's two hours, and I always try to keep
it around that.
Praying over your prosperity for your
households,
blessing and increase, multiplication,
and favor. Stretch out and believe God
for more this year.
So, praise God.
Thank you, Father, for your protection
over the land. Thank you, Father, for
your protection and your healing over
the land. Father, that there's blessing
and increase. Father, we call forth
things like the Dinar and XRP
and all these things to come forth in
Jesus'name,
that it would shoot up
and would moon. Well, they always say,
"Let's go to the moon."Let's go to the
moon, Father. Breaking the barrier
of Bitcoin and let us see things we
never thought we would. It's
like, "Look at this; it's only God."Father,
that
the XRP would go to $100.
Wouldn't that be amazing? Believe
God for that. You look at XRP and you go
to 100, XLM to some of these
currencies and you go, "Man, it's like 20
bucks."And
you go, "What? Look what the
Lord did."Can you imagine that? Believe
God for it. I've attached my faith out
there that something major like that
would happen. Wouldn't that be cool?
You go in there and say, "Wow, look what
the Lord did with
XRP."Not
financial advice, but in my
opinion, that's what I'm believing for.
What is
Brandon looking for? That's what I'm believing
for—that
we would see some of these
things go to over $100. And you look
back and go,
"Huh?"Wouldn't
that be cool? We could build a
massive auditorium for that, a massive
ministry. We could do so much.
The Lord could do so much.
Not that I'm limiting him to
it, but wouldn't that be cool?
I don't know. It's cool to me in my
world.
Go to the moon,
baby. You know,
get viral with IRL.
What he could get for
people—get Solana
to go to 10,000. Wouldn't that be
cool? So you go on there and look at one
morning you wake up and Solana is
$10,000 per share and you go,
"Look what the Lord did. It's
Christmas."Wouldn't
that be cool?
I dream big. And most people say,
"Brandon, you're out of it, man."I don't
know. I just know God is big.
And you say it's just as big
a miracle as an arm
growing out. Some of you have been
living at the bottom of the barrel
and the barrel's on top of you, to be
able to wake up one day... and he said,
remember what he said? The Lord
just remember, he said, "I told you that
I'll make decamillionaires overnight.
I'll make
decillionaires
overnight, Brandon, in a 24-hour period.
Everything is going to change.
I can change your circumstance in a 24-hour
period."That's
what he said to me.
"I'll make you a decillionaire
overnight."I
said, "How?
How?"I
don't mean to
challenge you—I know you
can—but
really
you could do that for me? Why not?
Why not me?
Why not you?
He's no respecter of persons, ladies and
gentlemen.
And then he tells me, "You're not
believing
big enough."I'll close
with this.
Anybody remember whenever I was
taken out of my body and I was taken to
the universe
and I'm standing there with
the Father? I cannot see Jesus's face,
but he is standing there
talking about the distance
between the sun and the earth.
He said light travels at 186,000 miles
per second and
takes about eight minutes to
get
there. He was explaining
every planet, how far it was,
how close the
nearest
star was, and how many
light-years
it takes traveling at 186,000
miles
per second to get to the nearest star.
He said, "You have all these things,
from Saturn to Venus to all these
planets and all this creation that he
has
made for every one of us,
and we don't even live in outer
space."But
it was so big and huge. It takes 8 minutes
and 20 seconds for light to travel from the sun
to the Earth.
Traveling at 186,000 miles
per second,
that is incredible. He
took
me to a room in another
dimension and
said it was still being created.
I could see this white room where
creation was
the size of a car,
moving at 186,000 miles per
second—either
that
or
it was
the speed of
sound, I don't know—but it was
moving slowly, barely creeping
as he spoke it.
It was moving
in all directions,
and I
could see it
expanding. I saw planets,
lights, and
stars all being thrown into space
right
in front of me.
He took it and shrunk it down in
front of my face and put it in his
hands. He said, "I can hold the
universe
in the palm of my hands,
Brandon. I can stretch
it out and make it bigger, and I
have control over the whole thing.
But the closest star
to you—how close was it,
Braden?"He
told me exactly, but I
don't remember. It
was
Alpha Centauri or something like that.
It takes
4.37
light-years
traveling
at 186,000 miles per
second to get there. That's a long
way.
He took it all in front of my face.
I saw
how
vast it
was—billions
and
billions, if not trillions, of stars. There are as
many
as there are grains of sand on
all the beaches of the
world.
It
would
take over four,
almost five years at the speed of light
to travel that distance. He showed me how vast and big he
truly is, and how he
can
control and manipulate it in
his hand.
He said, "Brandon, I want to
show you this."I could see it being
molded and shaped, and
he said,
"I have power and authority over
all of
it."At
the end of this visitation,
he took me to the edge of
where heaven and earth meet. He
said, "Braden, this is the tithe.
This is my kingdom, but I
have
given all of this to my kids.
I kept ten
percent
for myself—I
am
doing simple math for you so you can
comprehend it—but I've given the rest
to you.
At the end of the thousand
years,
you
will rule and
reign over the galaxies in the universe.
Every one of my kids who
is
born again will get
their own
galaxy like the Milky Way, and every
single one of you will rule and reign
with me for eternity.
Every
one of you has the ability to
create with your words, for you were made
in my image. As he is, so are we in this
world, and we are able to create with our
words."He
said life and death are in the
power of the tongue,
and
after the thousand years, you'll rule
and reign with me forever. He said,
"Brandon, I created all those planets
and stars for my kids
to rule and reign over.
Tell my people, Brandon, to
believe me for bigger, for I am a big
God."I
shot back into my bed and screamed.
Diana said, "What
did
you see this time,
honey?"I
said, "I saw how big God is
and how he controls everything in the
palm of his
hand."He
said, "My people don't believe me for
big
enough,"but
I could see the vastness of how big
he truly is. He creates things,
and so many people are scared about
their bills
or
food. He
said, "Take no thought of what you wear;
take no thought of this stuff,
because I know what you need before
you even know you need
it."Some
people say the earth is
flat. The earth is
not flat.
I know I
tick
a lot of you off, but the earth
is
round. I saw it; I was with
him and
I watched
it all
happen.
A lot of you
have been fed poison. You
say it's in the Bible,
but
it's not that way.
I saw it. The earth is the
Lord's
and the fullness thereof, and
he has
given it to the sons of
men.
After the
thousand years, you are going to have
your own galaxy. Some
say,
"That's Mormonism,
Brandon,"but
I'm not lining up with
the Mormon faith. I'm telling you
what the Father said.
It was amazing.
I saw purples, pinks, and all
kinds of beautiful colors at
the
edge of heaven.
It
is
absolutely beautiful.
God is as big as your faith will
allow him to be. You need to learn to
believe him for bigger.
In him there is no end and
no beginning; he is endless.
He is his own dimension.
We
are
made in his image. He is
light, and that light is his skin.
As you go into it, he is
beautiful beyond description.
I
don't care what you believe;
I feel sorry for
you
if
you think too small and
are
bound by your own mind.
You have to think
bigger.
To be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord.
He is awesome. Don't
stay
in
your little religious box.
Believe God for
bigger.
He has exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think.
Stretch your capacity to believe him for
more.
Heaven is
ginormous—it's
bigger than
Jupiter.
It is a massive place.
People
say the Holy City
is
1,500 miles wide,
but
that's just the city where
his throne room is. That's not all
of heaven; it's just
one area.
Heaven is massive.
God doesn't do little. He doesn't think little, and he doesn't have little
in his
vocabulary.
His thinking. He's a big God with big
plans. And it's like Oral
Roberts
says, 'Make no little plans here.
Believe God for
bigger.'If
I can just get a
brand new Honda—nothing wrong with a
Honda—but
God wants you to believe
him
for bigger. Believe him for more and more
in
2026.
Believe God because I'm telling you, he
can take it and he is a creator.
His words don't return to void.
They grow into things and they grow
plants in front of him. I've seen it
and I watch him and I marvel at him.
He is amazing.
I've seen him transform,
and I can see fire in his
eye.
It's just like I look at things and I go,
'Man.'I
told you he's looking at
things
and he said, 'I'm watching you.
I'm watching
you.'I
tell you these things in my
experiences, but I have private things
all the time. I'm telling you,
he is vast.
He looks like he could melt you,
but he's love.
He's powerful and I fear him.
I fear him. I told Dee, 'He
scares me.'Nobody has a clue. They
think if you die, nobody knows the truth.
I'm telling you, God is
scary. He's powerful.
It is beyond our human
comprehension.
Our little peanut brains try to figure it
out. God is vast.
I tried to be as real
with these people as I can.
Heresy! Throw an egg at him and stone
him. You'll see when you get there and
you're going to go, 'Oh my gosh,
Brandon, you were
right.'I
don't want to be arrogant,
but I say, 'Yeah, I know. I tried to
tell you.
It's all
Jesus.'I
tried to warn you. He's big and he's
really cool. Everything is amazing. He
has all this stuff for us and
he loves us so much.
His kingdom is vast and his
streets are gold and his
houses he's made—all of
it is
just amazing. There isn't
anything
ugly. He's a good God and
his ability is beyond anything you
can comprehend.
That's why I'm trying to tell you all
tonight. The theme of this was: believe
God for bigger. He said, 'Tell my people
to believe me for more.
They think too
small.'He
wanted to show me how big he was, how
far the stars were. He took me and he
showed me, but
he said, 'Brandon, what's going to
be amazing is you'll travel at the speed
of thought, no longer by
the speed of
light.'He
said that's slow. He just reminded me
that
the speed of light is
slow.
I saw things moving and
being created. Stars are forming and
it was all still being created right
now. It's never stopped and it's
still being done right now,
going in all different directions.
Can you tell me which way's north in
the universe? You can't
say due north star,
but I'm talking about when
it's all vast. It's still being created
in
all different directions.
And it's all being thrown into the
lights and the stars and all of it.
It's amazing. I
watched him doing it. I was like, 'Lord,'and
he said,
'I can measure it in my hand,
son.'But
he chose to love each one of us.
What is man that you are mindful of him?
Why do you look our
direction? 'I love you. I died for you. I
suffered for you gravely that none of
you should perish, that all come to
repentance.'If
you're here tonight and you don't
know Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior, you're running out of
time.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that the judgment.
I want you tonight to really search your
heart and really ask yourself, 'Do I know
him?'And
more importantly, 'Does he know
me?'If
I
were
to die tonight, would I get to
spend eternity with him?
It's not your grandma's religion. It's
not your mama's. It's you. Do you know
Jesus? Nobody else is going to
bring you to heaven. Their prayers have
brought
you here to this
point,
but I'm telling you, it's your choice.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun tonight. Do you know my friend
Jesus?
You may come and say, 'Brandon, I
don't know him. I'm here tonight and I
think you're kooky or whatever, but
inside I know there's some truth to
what you're saying.'I feel
that tugging. But the Bible
says, 'No man comes to the Father unless
he's drawn by him.'If there is any
kind of doubt inside of your heart that
if you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the
undertaker might be taking them off
tonight.
No man knows the day he's going
to die.
And we're not promised tomorrow.
I'm going to be real with you. You could
die right now, but if you did, where
would you spend eternity?
Don't gamble with your future.
Well, 'I don't believe it at
all.'That's
your problem. It
doesn't change anything just
because you don't believe it. The
Bible's true. And no man comes to the
Father except through Jesus Christ.
It's not Muhammad. It's not
Buddha. Jesus is
the only way to heaven. Period.
The Bible's true and everything that
the world's trying to tell you is a lie.
This is the only truth: the
B-I-B-L-E.
This was
written inspired by the Holy Ghost.
So I want you tonight to search
your heart
right now.
We're going to
close this thing out. You can go about
your business. But I want you to right
now search your heart and ask, 'Does he
know me?'And if you don't, I want you
to put in the comment section right now,
'I need to be saved. I want to repent. I
want to come to Jesus
tonight.'I
want to make a new, clean start
tonight. Tonight's my night. I'm coming
home.
This might be your last chance.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
I
know
people say, 'Brandon,
it's with the
mouth
confession
is
made.'But
what I'm trying to say is that
confession is
made out of the heart.
What you're saying out of your heart is
a heart thing.
I need to memorize scripture better,
but what I'm
trying to tell you is that confession
is made with your heart.
Say it with all your heart. 'I believe
you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third
day.'Father,
I believe. Father
Jesus, tonight I repent of my sins.
I believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. Jesus, from this
day forward, I turn my back on the
world. I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on my sin.
And I ask you to forgive me. I ask you
to wash me. Make me clean and new. From
this day forward, Lord, I serve you all
the rest I have.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm made new
today. Write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life.
I dedicate my life to you, Father. And I
thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me
tonight and you're giving me a fresh,
clean start.
I've messed up a whole lot, and I thank
you, Lord, that you've forgiven me of
it. And today, I'm made new.
I'll serve you from this day forward,
Lord,
in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and
amen. I believe if you just said that
prayer, you just gave your heart to
Jesus Christ and you're born again.
'Behold, I make all things new,'he says.
As far as the east is from the west,
he's taken your sins from you. Today, I
believe you just got born again. Welcome
to the family. We love you. We pray for
you. Now, the moment you confessed your
sin is when
you got rid of it.
You said, 'Well, Brandon, I was messed
up.'Yep.
So was I.
We were all sinners here.
Nobody's here to
judge you. We're just here to love on
you and tell you, "Hey, He has a plan
for your life."We're all sinners.
That's all. But every
one of us did the same thing you just
did.
And I'm telling you, it was the best
decision I've ever made, giving my
heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. Find a Bible. Read
your Bible every day. I want you to come
and pray with us over here. Tell the
pastor there at that church. When
you find a Bible-believing
church—a
non-denominational one is what I'd
find—tell
them, "I need to be water-baptized."Get water-baptized.
Get plugged into
that church. Find a small group,
whatever they have there. Get plugged in
with believers. Get excited
about what you did here today.
The best is yet to come. You know
what? If you fall down and the devil
starts to remind you of your past,
remind him of his future. He's about
ready to burn in hell forever
and ever. He's going to get cast into
the lake of fire. It's coming. It's
coming sooner than later. I'm telling
you, folks, Jesus Christ is coming.
Welcome to the family. I don't know how
many people gave their hearts to Jesus,
if any, but even if there was only one, we're
excited for you. If you
don't have a Bible and you would like
one,
email us down below and we will
send you a Bible for free just to
celebrate your decision tonight.
The email is down below. Say,
"Welcome to the family. Welcome to the
decision that you made."Do we know how
many?
34 people. Welcome all 34 of you that
gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
I'm excited about every single one of
you. Diana is too; she's filling
out all the things. We've been
slamming busy with so many people getting
saved on all our channels. We're
excited about every single one of you.
Welcome to the family. All 34 of you
gave your heart to Jesus Christ. That's
a good little altar call. That's
exciting. Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I'll never ask you for anything
other than this: if you could like,
subscribe, click the notification bell,
click the like button, and comment something
nice down below, it helps with the
algorithm. I'm so thankful that they
didn't pull our live stream tonight.
It started a little bit when you
were
talking about Edward Snowden,
but it stopped.
They almost pulled a daring Edward
Snowden; that was a warning, but they
didn't get it. All glory to Jesus.
Isn't that wonderful? They didn't pull
my thing. They tried to do it last night
three times. They did not like me
talking about the mafia. I
said, "Well, we touched a nerve
there, but we're thankful for
their platform, aren't we?"Isn't
it
wonderful they allow us to do this? It's
all glory to Jesus, you know, but we're
on their thing until somebody comes up
with something better
that people go to. It's not
about just going on a platform; we need
traffic. The unsaved are who
we're after. The Lord said, "Brendon,
I'm not going after the saved; I'm
going for those who are
lost."There are
so many people trying to fish in
their own backyard, like in their own
little aquarium here. We have to go after
the people in the byways and the
highways and everywhere else. There
are
people going
to hell that need to know Jesus Christ
is coming. These platforms like
this—what's
the traffic
over here? Millions of people
come on YouTube. Thank God for
YouTube.
God is using it, and X, and all these
others.
I know that was a little different
tonight, but that's what the Lord wanted
to do. God bless it. We'll
see you again soon, I guess tomorrow.
2.7 billion monthly active users
globally.
Think about that.
2.7
billion monthly active users
on
YouTube. 3.1 billion by
year's
end, attracting nearly half the world's
internet users with India leading in
users and Saudi Arabia having the
highest percentage. Users
spend
significant time on the platform viewing
billions of videos, and the user base
continues
strong growth.
Isn't that amazing?
That's incredible to me. 3.1
billion by year's
end.
That's why we're excited about this
platform
because we have—what is it,
5,000? That's not very good. Whenever
you have 3.1 billion,
6,000—we
have a lot more
opportunity to grow, don't
we? So, we're believing God for a
million subscribers.
We're believing for over 100,000
people praying at a time. We have
not even 10% of what I'm
believing for,
for us all to pray at the same time
and wreak havoc on the
devil. He hates these live
prayer things. God bless it. Thank
you for joining us and we'll see you
again, probably tomorrow. I want to
pray over the thing for New
Year's Eve. We're almost there, closing
this year out and finishing
strong. Taking communion and
praying. Who wants to join me for
New Year's Eve? I'll just pray for a
little bit. I'm going to really pray
over that day and see what we do, but
maybe the day before or whatever.
Tomorrow's it. We only have two more
days. 2025 is over, baby. We'll put
that on the
shelf.
God bless you all. We love you. Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you and we love you.
We'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.